{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 story:\
\
\
genetic enhancements before birth dictate what role a person should play in society.\
\
login rewards. log in at a certain time each day to get a reward.\
\
artificial wombs\
\
congregate's credit system\
\
spy upgrades change what you can see in reports\
\
premium feature: text message / email updates\
limited play on mobile devices. Can sell apps.\
\
excessive radiation from the rift to explain noob protection\
\
one single race\
\
exploration of new space\
all around you is dark to start.\
station  probes in grid squares. probe can see certain radius\
premium feature: auto re-scan of probe areas\
\
3d map view.\
one cube for overall space\
\
ability to move your colony with wormholes\
\
normal ships have batteries that need to be charged. \
warning if not enough power, but can still send it out and die.\
\
rolling blackouts if you don't produce enough power\
\
random events:\
comets with rare resources pass through\
\
war games within an alliance\
\
incentives for winning:\
prize gold carries over from one round to the next.\
gold multipliers (1.5)\
\
joint station\
could make this the one thing that can be de-leveled\
\
premium feature: increased production\
\
plot:\
earth is running out of natural resources. half of earth's population built space convoys with hopes of finding new home worlds, and the rest stayed behind. On earth they were developing a miniature star to solve the energy problem, but the experiment goes wrong and it tears holes in space-time.\
\
energy core has a hard-coded output limit on its top level, which puts a hard cap on the size of each colony.\
\
worm hole opens by your station goes to a new location/ dimension where you can battle CPU colonies for resources etc. worm hole reconnects to different destinations after a time.\
crimson \
see: rome total war\
\
can sell ships to other players\
\
unresolved:\
battle system\
power upgrading / making new stations\
\
new name:\
[adjective] void.com\
broken void\
crimson void\
\
event queue:\
make a chron job to run events frequently to avoid user-lag and race issues?\
Can PHP create chron jobs? If so, each time an event is added to the event queue a corresponding cron job could be made to run the queue.\
\
ore, premium ore, refined ore, weapons-grade ore\
\
ability to move othter map objects with tractor beams}